that's 93 damage Kazuya deal how come I
don't have 93 if I guess if I put
everything to damage out of had about a
hundred damage come and get some
I hear hear you round one right okay one
of those huh
oh my god are you fucking kidding me
oh god this is my token clown to fight
no oh fuck stupid jump that's why you
little sidewalk God
are you fucking kidding me oh good my
life the scam is fucking stupid
Oh
[Music]
yeah
Oh
next back is this the same guy is this
the same guy if this guy takes both of
my tickets I'm done playing this game
round one
right oh I'm so dumb
holy crap why I want to kill them
ah authentic all fucking walk round to
fight my god how do they not break the
floor oh my god this garbage let's go
Oh fight oh my god
what oh my god
jo are you kidding me oh my god oh
you're so scrubby smart guy
no that was my chance I messed it up Oh
kill myself ah boo chances three chances
fuck Oh get him shit Oh
Oh
hey Helen lost my ticket did I lose my
ticket
oh my god I cannot believe that a draw
takes away both the tickets how is that
gonna take away both the tickets what
that makes no sense like seriously
if you draw nobody want nobody lost Oh